.TH "/home/obale/sourcecode/myprograms/phone-firewall/src/libphonefirewall.h" 3 "9 May 2008" "Version v0.01" "Phone Firewall" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/obale/sourcecode/myprograms/phone-firewall/src/libphonefirewall.h \- API of the phone firewall. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBBlacklist\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIContains the blocked numbers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBWhitelist\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTELNR_MAXLEN\fP   32"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_ENTRIES\fP   512"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadd_blacklist_entry\fP (char *number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrm_blacklist_entry\fP (char *number)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadd_whitelist_entry\fP (char *number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrm_whitelist_entry\fP (char *number)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
API of the phone firewall. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Alex Oberhauser
.RE
.PP
The header file of the Phone Firewall. Blocks or accepts incoming phone calls, so it's possible to prevent disturbing phone calls. Provides a API which can used by other application to build nice programs.
.PP
Implemented for the OpenMoko framework. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBlibphonefirewall.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define MAX_ENTRIES   512"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file libphonefirewall.h.
.PP
Referenced by add_blacklist_entry().
.SS "#define TELNR_MAXLEN   32"
.PP
The maximum length of a telephone number. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file libphonefirewall.h.
.PP
Referenced by add_blacklist_entry().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int add_blacklist_entry (char * number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Add a number to the blacklist. The number will be blocked after that.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person. 
.br
\fIname\fP The name of the person. 
.br
\fIreason\fP Why you have blocked this person. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP Has no affect at the moment. Later one it will be possible to give each number priority. So you have more control when a number will be blocked/accepted.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If all goes well 0 (zero) otherwise an errno code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 26 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.PP
References MAX_ENTRIES, Blacklist::name, Blacklist::number, Blacklist::reason, and TELNR_MAXLEN.
.SS "int add_whitelist_entry (char * number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Add a number to the \fBwhitelist\fP. The number will be accepted after that.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person. 
.br
\fIname\fP The name of the person. 
.br
\fIreason\fP Why you have blocked this person. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP Has no affect at the moment. Later one it will be possible to give each number priority. So you have more control when a number will be blocked/accepted.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If all goes well 0 (zero) otherwise an errno code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SS "int rm_blacklist_entry (char * number)"
.PP
Removes a blocked number from the blacklist. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SS "int rm_whitelist_entry (char * number)"
.PP
Removes a accepted number from the \fBwhitelist\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Phone Firewall from the source code.
