.TH "pf_search.c" 3 "6 Nov 2008" "Version v0.01" "Phone Firewall" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pf_search.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sqlite3.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'libphonefirewall.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_PERCENT_CHAR\fP   37"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBinsert_into_list\fP (struct \fBEntry\fP *p_root, struct \fBEntry\fP *p_entry)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBfind_entry\fP (sqlite3_stmt *pp_stmt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_entry_by_name\fP (char *name, int listflag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_entry_by_number\fP (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number, int listflag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_entry_by_reason\fP (char *reason, int listflag)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR   37"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
Referenced by get_entry_by_name(), get_entry_by_number(), and get_entry_by_reason().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* find_entry (sqlite3_stmt * pp_stmt)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
References Entry::area_code, Entry::country_code, Entry::name, Entry::number, Entry::priority, Entry::reason, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, and TB_REASON.
.PP
Referenced by get_entry_by_name(), get_entry_by_number(), and get_entry_by_reason().
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_entry_by_name (char * name, int listflag)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a \fBentry\fP by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the person which is blocked. 
.br
\fIlistflag\fP A flag, which indicates if you would use the blacklist (BLACKLIST_FLAG) or the whitelist (WHITELIST_FLAG).
.br
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the entries which are found in a linked list. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 112 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
References ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR, DB_FILE, ERR_LOG, find_entry(), insert_into_list(), MAX_LINE_LENGTH, STMT_SIZE, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, TB_REASON, and WHITELIST_FLAG.
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_entry_by_number (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number, int listflag)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entries by number (country code + area code + number).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcountry_code\fP The country code (for example 39 for Italy, 43 for Austria, and so one) 
.br
\fIarea_code\fP The area code which indicates your mobile operator. 
.br
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person (without country and area code. 
.br
\fIlistflag\fP A flag, which indicates if you would use the blacklist (BLACKLIST_FLAG) or the whitelist (WHITELIST_FLAG).
.br
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the entries which are found in a linked list. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 158 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
References ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR, DB_FILE, ERR_LOG, find_entry(), insert_into_list(), MAX_LINE_LENGTH, STMT_SIZE, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, TB_REASON, and WHITELIST_FLAG.
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_entry_by_reason (char * reason, int listflag)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entries by reason.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreason\fP The reason why a person is blocked/accpeted. 
.br
\fIlistflag\fP A flag, which indicates if you would use the blacklist (BLACKLIST_FLAG) or the whitelist (WHITELIST_FLAG).
.br
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the entries which are found in a linked list. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 206 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
References ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR, DB_FILE, ERR_LOG, find_entry(), insert_into_list(), MAX_LINE_LENGTH, STMT_SIZE, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, TB_REASON, and WHITELIST_FLAG.
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* insert_into_list (struct \fBEntry\fP * p_root, struct \fBEntry\fP * p_entry)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file pf_search.c.
.PP
References Entry::area_code, Entry::country_code, Entry::name, Entry::next, Entry::number, and Entry::reason.
.PP
Referenced by get_entry_by_name(), get_entry_by_number(), and get_entry_by_reason().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Phone Firewall from the source code.
