.TH "phonefirewall_administration.c" 3 "10 May 2008" "Version v0.01" "Phone Firewall" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
phonefirewall_administration.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'libphonefirewall.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBBlacklist\fP \fBblacklist_t\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBWhitelist\fP \fBwhitelist_t\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBblacklist_t\fP * \fBadd_to_blacklist\fP (\fBblacklist_t\fP *node, long long int number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwhitelist_t\fP * \fBadd_to_whitelist\fP (\fBwhitelist_t\fP *node, long long int number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadd_blacklist_entry\fP (long long int number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrm_blacklist_entry\fP (long long int number)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadd_whitelist_entry\fP (long long int number, char *name, char *reason, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrm_whitelist_entry\fP (long long int number)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBBlacklist\fP \fBblacklist_t\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SS "typedef struct \fBWhitelist\fP \fBwhitelist_t\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int add_blacklist_entry (long long int number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Add a number to the blacklist. The number will be blocked after that.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person. 
.br
\fIname\fP The name of the person. 
.br
\fIreason\fP Why you have blocked this person. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP Has no affect at the moment. Later one it will be possible to give each number priority. So you have more control when a number will be blocked/accepted.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If all goes well 0 (zero) otherwise an errno code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.PP
References add_to_blacklist().
.SS "\fBblacklist_t\fP* add_to_blacklist (\fBblacklist_t\fP * node, long long int number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.PP
References Blacklist::left, Blacklist::name, Blacklist::number, Blacklist::priority, Blacklist::reason, and Blacklist::right.
.PP
Referenced by add_blacklist_entry().
.SS "\fBwhitelist_t\fP* add_to_whitelist (\fBwhitelist_t\fP * node, long long int number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.PP
References Whitelist::left, Whitelist::name, Whitelist::number, Whitelist::priority, Whitelist::reason, and Whitelist::right.
.SS "int add_whitelist_entry (long long int number, char * name, char * reason, int priority)"
.PP
Add a number to the whitelist. The number will be accepted after that.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person. 
.br
\fIname\fP The name of the person. 
.br
\fIreason\fP Why you have blocked this person. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP Has no affect at the moment. Later one it will be possible to give each number priority. So you have more control when a number will be blocked/accepted.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If all goes well 0 (zero) otherwise an errno code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SS "int rm_blacklist_entry (long long int number)"
.PP
Removes a blocked number from the blacklist. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SS "int rm_whitelist_entry (long long int number)"
.PP
Removes a accepted number from the whitelist. 
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file phonefirewall_administration.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Phone Firewall from the source code.
