.TH "phonefirewall_search.c" 3 "9 Jul 2008" "Version v0.01" "Phone Firewall" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
phonefirewall_search.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sqlite3.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'libphonefirewall.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'logfile.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_PERCENT_CHAR\fP   37"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_ENTRY_ARRAY\fP   1024"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBfind_entry_by_name\fP (sqlite3_stmt *pp_stmt, char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_blacklist_entry_by_name\fP (char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_blacklist_entry_by_number\fP (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_whitelist_entry_by_name\fP (char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBget_whitelist_entry_by_number\fP (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP * \fBp_entry\fP = &\fBentry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBEntry\fP \fBentry_array\fP [MAX_ENTRY_ARRAY]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR   37"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.PP
Referenced by get_blacklist_entry_by_name().
.SS "#define MAX_ENTRY_ARRAY   1024"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* find_entry_by_name (sqlite3_stmt * pp_stmt, char * name)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.PP
References Entry::area_code, Entry::country_code, Entry::name, Entry::number, Entry::priority, Entry::reason, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, and TB_REASON.
.PP
Referenced by get_blacklist_entry_by_name().
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_blacklist_entry_by_name (char * name)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entrie by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the person which is blocked.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the found \fBentry\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.PP
References Entry::area_code, ASCII_PERCENT_CHAR, Entry::country_code, DB_FILE, entry_array, ERR_FLAG, find_entry_by_name(), MAX_LINE_LENGTH, Entry::number, Entry::reason, STMT_SIZE, TB_AREACODE, TB_COUNTRYCODE, TB_NAME, TB_NUMBER, TB_PRIORITY, TB_REASON, and write_logentry().
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_blacklist_entry_by_number (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entrie by number (country code + area code + number).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcountry_code\fP The country code (for example 39 for Italy, 43 for Austria, and so one) 
.br
\fIarea_code\fP The area code which indicates your mobile operator. 
.br
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person (without country and area code.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the found \fBentry\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_whitelist_entry_by_name (char * name)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entrie by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the person which is accepted.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the found \fBentry\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* get_whitelist_entry_by_number (int country_code, int area_code, unsigned long long number)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Search a entrie by number (country code + area code + number).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcountry_code\fP The country code (for example 39 for Italy, 43 for Austria, and so one) 
.br
\fIarea_code\fP The area code which indicates your mobile operator. 
.br
\fInumber\fP The telephone number of the person (without country and area code.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBentry\fP Returns the found \fBentry\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP \fBentry_array\fP[MAX_ENTRY_ARRAY]"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.PP
Referenced by get_blacklist_entry_by_name().
.SS "struct \fBEntry\fP* \fBp_entry\fP = &\fBentry\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file phonefirewall_search.c.
.PP
Referenced by check_blacklist_entry(), and check_whitelist_entry().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Phone Firewall from the source code.
